Commit #1:
With this section I have added the navbar, title of the tab, title of the document, and added the words for 
the About section. The plan for this is to later add the photo above the H2 heading (Hello there...). I had
some problems with the navbar  because that was always a trouble that I had but I was able to get it 
properly designed (or at least so I think so far).

Commit #2:
This commit has the section that has the information concerning the resume/previous Work. The breakdown of
this is that it has my educations: specifically, the degree I am working on and my education with the 
navy. One problem that I will be encountering is how I am going to have to format the designs of these. 
I think I will be taking two of the sections, the education section known as JCAC (abbreviated) and the 
work section may be a drop down section. That way it doesn't take up too much space even though it will 
have some lines either way. With the education sections I may be putting them side by side, two different
columns so that they stay in the same section. The formatting sections will be done in later commits.

Commit #3:
This commit adds the section that holds the project information. The plan was originally to use grid 
aspects to separate the two projects as 2 columns. So far this has not worked as of yet, but the project
is still going. The main point of this concern is to get the information onto the document and later 
the formatting will be done in commit #6? I was having a little bit of problems with separating the CSS
styles for the links compared to the navbar links. This led me to having to re-word some of the previous
sections. 

Commit #4:
Basically ported over the corrected work from HW1. This commit is for adding in the Contact Me section.
There is not a lot to mention here. Mainly just formatted it in a basic design.

Commit #5: 
For this commit, I added the logos and images that would be used for the webpage. This includes the photo
of me in the about me section, the logos for the educations that I have undergone, the logo for the Navy 
Reserves, and the logos for the two projects (although the logo for the data pipeline is just a general 
logo for the C-TRAN).

Commit #6:
I have formatted the website in a 'good enough' format. I have attempted to make thing as grid. But for 
some reason it didn't convert into the grid like I designed it. Because of that I decided to leave it 
where I kept everything centered. During this stage I decided to change the background color, to eliminate 
the white background. Because of this, when I put in the Wave check, it gave me two errors based on Contrast 
errors. Once I realized what they were, which was the background and the color of a link that had been 
visited, I was able to fix the issue. I also put in my JavaScript file as well. Made it simple where I put 
in a greeting based on the time of the day and then it will say "good morning/afternoon/evening".
